Wearable Tech Show 2016/alexander.md, before:

#Smart Cities of the Future – Case Studies
###Speaker: Julie Alexander
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

-How can Information Technology support people in the future?
-What are the design goals of the future?
-How can we realize an integrated and ‘Humane’ City?
-Delivering Digital Infrastructure

######My Actual Notes

Here I will write the notes I take during the talk.

######The speaker bio

 Julie Alexander, Director Urban Development, Siemens

 Paul Copping, Smart Cities Advisor, Digital Greenwich Team, Royal Borough of Greenwich

######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.

Commit message:

final talk of the day, done.

Wearable Tech Show 2016/alexander.md, after:

#Smart Cities of the Future – Case Studies
###Speaker: Julie Alexander
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

-How can Information Technology support people in the future?
-What are the design goals of the future?
-How can we realize an integrated and ‘Humane’ City?
-Delivering Digital Infrastructure

######My Actual Notes

Julie started talking about the urban transportation, and explaining how the demand is growing (more and more people need to move around).
And then she presented some numbers of London. (see picture)

But, if moving to "impacts", it is possible to see that "road injuries" is the 8th leading cause of death (and 50% of the dead are pedestrians and 2 wheelers)

Something must be done to improve the infrastructure.

We need to move to a vehicle 2x technology: it refers to an intelligent transport infrastructure.

Full connectivity across all forms of devices (a case is shown in the picture).

-> Connected vehicles create a safer environment/community: 35% fewer incidents.

Siemens is currntly working with Jaguar to create a vehicle adaptable for this environment: see picture.

---

Now it's Copping's turn.

He's talking about the "Gigabit City": see picture about the overall structure.
In Greenwich they are currently trying to turn it into a digital city: there are 4 layers to consider in order to do it:
- Human 
- Transportation and Logistics
- Information
- Energy

The core of his talk is about how to make the city "integrate" to the people's life.

######The speaker bio

 Julie Alexander, Director Urban Development, Siemens

 Paul Copping, Smart Cities Advisor, Digital Greenwich Team, Royal Borough of Greenwich

######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.
