Wearable Tech Show 2016/hurley.md, before:

#Biosyncing: Symbiosis Between Human and Machine
###Speaker: Denis Hurley
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

Biosyncing refers to bio-mechanical symbiosis; when a human and a machine are in a reactive, performance-augmenting loop. It describes behavioural changes on the part of humans, based on mechanical feedback, and machines learning from human responses, making alterations automatically. For example, responding to information delivered from wearable devices or adaptive computer program responding to a human's biometric data. 
Takeaways:
-Biosyncing communications between the physical and virtual worlds
-Biological and mechanical interactions - facial recognition, haptic feedback, eye tracking and vocal commands
-Synchronous human-machine micro-improvements
-Successful biosyncing loop’s/ automatic reactive states
-Improvement of artificial intelligence

######My Actual Notes

Here I will write the notes I take during the talk.

######The speaker bio

Denis Hurley, Director of Future Technologies, Pearson
 
######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.

Commit message:

final talk of the day, done.

Wearable Tech Show 2016/hurley.md, after:

#Biosyncing: Symbiosis Between Human and Machine
###Speaker: Denis Hurley
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

Biosyncing refers to bio-mechanical symbiosis; when a human and a machine are in a reactive, performance-augmenting loop. It describes behavioural changes on the part of humans, based on mechanical feedback, and machines learning from human responses, making alterations automatically. For example, responding to information delivered from wearable devices or adaptive computer program responding to a human's biometric data. 
Takeaways:
-Biosyncing communications between the physical and virtual worlds
-Biological and mechanical interactions - facial recognition, haptic feedback, eye tracking and vocal commands
-Synchronous human-machine micro-improvements
-Successful biosyncing loop’s/ automatic reactive states
-Improvement of artificial intelligence

######My Actual Notes

Missed the first part, wrong hall. W/E

Biosyncing: sensors capture our parameters and *respond* to our current status.

Some supporting technologies for this are Aritificial Intellignce, and Mixed Reality (VR where you have to NOT use controllers)

They developed some products with these techs: see picture.

At Pearson they are studying growing in and out of VR.

*It's really about immersion*

The more you are immersed into VR the more succesful education will be given.

Successful biosyncing is determinated by how many decisions we don't take consciously.

######The speaker bio

Denis Hurley, Director of Future Technologies, Pearson

######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.
