Wearable Tech Show 2016/price.md, before:

#Mobile VR – Turning Social Networks into Sociable Networks
###Speaker: Julian Price
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

Social networks really aren’t social.
Mobile VR presents an opportunity to turn social networks into truly sociable experiences offering the possibility of spending quality time with family and friends in virtual destinations and sharing experiences together virtually from any device. Existing social networks promote digital narcissism, whereas sociable VR networks creates a whole new world of sociable possibilities. As Larry Rosen, a professor of psychology at California State University said; “We tap out brief missives and believe that we are being sociable, but as psychologist Sherry Turkle has so aptly said, we are only getting “sips” of connection, not real communication.” This session will look how developers can maximize the possibilities offered by mobile VR to create real, sociable networks where people genuinely connect and socialize – and how we encourage repeat engagement and real communication.

######My Actual Notes

Here I will write the notes I take during the talk.

######The speaker bio

Julian Price, CMO, Starship

######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.

Commit message:

final talk of the day, done.

Wearable Tech Show 2016/price.md, after:

#Mobile VR – Turning Social Networks into Sociable Networks
###Speaker: Julian Price
###Date: 15-03-2016
###Conference event: The Wearable Technology Show 2016

Social networks really aren’t social.
Mobile VR presents an opportunity to turn social networks into truly sociable experiences offering the possibility of spending quality time with family and friends in virtual destinations and sharing experiences together virtually from any device. Existing social networks promote digital narcissism, whereas sociable VR networks creates a whole new world of sociable possibilities. As Larry Rosen, a professor of psychology at California State University said; “We tap out brief missives and believe that we are being sociable, but as psychologist Sherry Turkle has so aptly said, we are only getting “sips” of connection, not real communication.” This session will look how developers can maximize the possibilities offered by mobile VR to create real, sociable networks where people genuinely connect and socialize – and how we encourage repeat engagement and real communication.

######My Actual Notes

They will show and not tell.

He's going to do most of his presentation in VR!

Difference between social and sociable networks: (also Palmer thinks it)
- The first is asynch
- The first is very isolating -> it leads to digital narcisism

How a sociable network is done? In VR, it allows to create a scene/ambient/environment where people can gather.

They can make people feel how they want by using tricks.... that's a bit creepy.
It's all about *presence*: convince people they are actually there (ex. being at south pole? then you should see your breath).

VR is an enabling technology to make people do what they have always done, talking.

VR is not all about gaming.

Mobile will be the entry point for consumers.

vTime will always be free with premium features; it's already working on GearVR and Google Cardboard.

######The speaker bio

Julian Price, CMO, Starship

######The conference description

The conference at The Wearable Technology Show is a unique opportunity to hear from some of the leading innovators in Wearables, Augmented Reality, VR, Smart Devices and IOT.

The main stages and workshop tracks will give delegates an insight into the latest technology on offer.

With over 150 speakers and 75 hours of talks and panel discussions, delegates can choose from an unrivalled program of content.

The conference will cover component technology, applications, business commercialisation and a review of the latest devices on offer for both enterprise and consumer adoption.
