#The lost war of Information Security
###Speaker: Francesco “ascii” Ongaro
###Date: 05-03-2015
###Conference event: GrappaHat 2016

It happened, software ate the world, we lost control on our information and security is not better than before.
How to stem organized crime, corporations and governments appetite on data bubbles generated by Cloud computing? What people could realistically do?
We will explore the major indicators of the current state of software security, its evolution over time and how the adoption trend of Cloud solutions affects the confidentiality, integrity and availability of people’s and companies’s information.
Small talk description (two or three statement) It happened, software ate the world, we lost control on our information and security is not better than before. What people could do?

######My Actual Notes

He's not going to do a technical talk. And he started with the f word.

He's like showing 5 slides per minute. HALP.

The cloud doesn't exist: it's just another computer.

Welcome to the "third-party risk" era.

He's now listing 10 classic issues: (a lot of f words while speaking)

    - 1 Immaturity
    - 2 Visibility
    - 3 Palatability
    - 4 Confidentiality, Accountability, Privacy
    - 5 (?) (damn he jumps fast)
    - 6 Weak standards
    - 7 Jurisdiction
    - 8 Gov's appetite
    - 9 Liability
    - 10 Ownership

######The speaker bio

Francesco Ongaro is an Italian security expert and Hacker, living in Verona (the city of Romeo and Giulietta), specialized in Network and Web Application Penetration Tests.
He performed several hundred of technical activities over the years for many of the most important and exposed customers in the private, public infrastructure, finance, banking, insurance and media fields.
His research and advisories are published on [USH](www.ush.it) and he founded an independent Tiger Team under the [ISGroup](www.isgroup.it) umbrella.

######The conference description

The [Grappa Hat](https://grappahat.net) is a part of the «itinerary gourmand» set of conferences:
Italy, UK, Africa … and more to come!
